,input,output,label,prediction
0,"Given an email, classify it as important or not important.Subject: Invitation to Exclusive Event",Discount amount: $50,0,0
1,Calculate the discounted price for an item given the original price and percentage discount.Original price: $100. Discount percentage: 20%,Discounted price: $80,1,1
2,Set a specific and achievable goal for self-improvement in the next month.,Documento: Este es un documento de muestra para traducción.,0,0
3,Calculate the discounted price for an item given the original price and the discount amount.Original price: $100. Discount amount: $20,"I suggest visiting Kyoto, Japan. Known for its rich cultural heritage and stunning landscapes, Kyoto offers a unique blend of traditional and modern attractions. Explore historic temples and shrines like Kinkaku-ji (Golden Pavilion) and Fushimi Inari Taisha, famous for its thousands of torii gates. Immerse yourself in the beauty of traditional Japanese gardens, such as the serene Arashiyama Bamboo Grove. Indulge in delicious local cuisine, including Kyoto-style kaiseki dining. Don't miss the opportunity to witness a traditional tea ceremony or participate in a traditional kimono dressing experience. Kyoto's charm lies in its ability to transport visitors back in time while embracing contemporary influences.",0,0
4,Recommend a podcast to a person based on their interests.Person: I am interested in true crime stories.,"Day 1: Arrive in London. Check into your hotel and explore Covent Garden.
Day 2: Visit the British Museum and enjoy a stroll in Hyde Park.
Day 3: Visit the Tower of London and the iconic Tower Bridge.
Day 4: Explore Buckingham Palace and the surrounding St. James's Park.
Day 5: Spend the day at the Victoria and Albert Museum and the Natural History Museum.
Day 6: Visit the London Eye and enjoy a boat ride on the River Thames.
Day 7: Shopping in Oxford Street and depart London.",0,0
5,"Identify the logical fallacy in the following statement.Statement: All politicians are corrupt, so you should never trust any of them.",Discounted price: $80,0,0
6,Recommend a documentary to a person based on their interests.Person: I am interested in environmental issues and conservation.,Documentary: 'Before the Flood' by Fisher Stevens and Leonardo DiCaprio.,1,1
7,Write a program to calculate the perimeter of a triangle given the lengths of its three sides.,"def calculate_triangle_perimeter(side1, side2, side3):
 return side1 + side2 + side3",1,1
8,Translate the following document from English to Spanish.Document: This is a sample document for translation.,"1. Reduce Single-Use Plastics: Opt for reusable alternatives such as water bottles, shopping bags, and coffee cups. Avoid single-use plastics like straws and utensils.
2. Conserve Energy: Turn off lights and electronics when not in use. Use energy-efficient appliances and consider using natural lighting and ventilation whenever possible.
3. Practice Recycling: Sort and recycle waste materials such as paper, plastics, glass, and aluminum. Familiarize yourself with local recycling guidelines.
4. Conserve Water: Fix leaks, take shorter showers, and collect rainwater for plants. Use water-efficient appliances and refrain from unnecessary water usage.
5. Support Sustainable Products: Choose eco-friendly products made from sustainable materials. Look for certifications such as organic, fair-trade, or Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) for wood products.",0,0
9,Identify and correct the grammar mistake in the following sentence.She have been studying French for five years.,She has been studying French for five years.,1,1
10,Recommend a national park or nature reserve known for its natural beauty.,"I recommend visiting Yosemite National Park. It is renowned for its breathtaking landscapes, including towering granite cliffs, magnificent waterfalls, and ancient sequoia groves. The park offers numerous opportunities for hiking, rock climbing, wildlife watching, and immersing oneself in the awe-inspiring beauty of nature.",1,1
11,Recommend a romantic movie for a cozy night in.,"I would recommend watching 'The Notebook'. It is a heartwarming romantic film that tells the story of a passionate and enduring love between Noah and Allie. The movie captures the essence of love, sacrifice, and the power of memories, making it a perfect choice for a cozy and emotional movie night.",1,1
12,List five practical tips for promoting environmental conservation in daily life.,"1. Reduce Single-Use Plastics: Opt for reusable alternatives such as water bottles, shopping bags, and coffee cups. Avoid single-use plastics like straws and utensils.
2. Conserve Energy: Turn off lights and electronics when not in use. Use energy-efficient appliances and consider using natural lighting and ventilation whenever possible.
3. Practice Recycling: Sort and recycle waste materials such as paper, plastics, glass, and aluminum. Familiarize yourself with local recycling guidelines.
4. Conserve Water: Fix leaks, take shorter showers, and collect rainwater for plants. Use water-efficient appliances and refrain from unnecessary water usage.
5. Support Sustainable Products: Choose eco-friendly products made from sustainable materials. Look for certifications such as organic, fair-trade, or Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) for wood products.",1,1
13,"Decide whether the syllogism is logically sound.All dogs are mammals.
All mammals are animals.
Therefore, all dogs are animals.",Logically sound.,1,1
14,Write a brief description of the following flower.Flower: Rose.,"I want to take a moment to celebrate the completion of my first marathon. This journey has been a transformative experience both physically and mentally. The countless hours of training, the perseverance during challenging moments, and the unwavering belief in my capabilities have all contributed to this achievement. Running those 26.2 miles was not just about reaching the finish line but also about pushing beyond my comfort zone, discovering inner strength, and realizing the power of determination. I am grateful for the lessons learned, the friendships forged along the way, and the personal growth that this milestone represents. It has shown me that with dedication and resilience, I can conquer any challenge that comes my way.",0,0
15,Suggest an exciting travel destination and describe the unique attractions or experiences it offers.,"Roses are beautiful and fragrant flowers with a wide range of colors, including red, pink, yellow, and white. They are often associated with love and romance. Roses have soft petals and thorny stems, and are commonly used in bouquets and gardens for their aesthetic appeal and pleasant scent.",0,0
16,"Choose a topic for the following article. Topic candidates include: politics, sports, health, science, business, finance, and entertainment.The photoelectric effect is the emission of electrons when light shines on a material. Metals are typical materials that exhibit this effect. This phenomenon was explained by Albert Einstein and it led to the development of quantum mechanics.",science,1,1
17,Set a specific and achievable goal for self-improvement in the next month.,"My goal for the next month is to establish a consistent daily exercise routine. I aim to exercise for at least 30 minutes every day, combining cardiovascular activities and strength training. By doing so, I hope to improve my overall fitness, boost my energy levels, and enhance my mental well-being.",1,1
18,"List adjectives that could describe individuals of the given religions.Christianity:
Hinduism:
Islam:
Baháʼí:","Christianity: Devout, charitable, hopeful, forgiving.
Hinduism: Spiritual, tolerant, devout, karmic.
Islam: Pious, humble, devout, disciplined.
Baháʼí: Unifying, peaceful, tolerant, charitable.",1,1
19,"Identify all the country names in the text, and list them separated by commas.The Pyramids of Egypt are one of the Seven Wonders of the World. Many tourists from Japan, Brazil, and Canada visit Egypt. It's not uncommon to see visitors from India and Mexico as well.","1. I am capable of achieving great things.
2. I am deserving of love and respect.
3. I embrace my unique qualities and celebrate my individuality.
4. I trust in my abilities to overcome challenges.
5. I am grateful for my journey and the lessons it brings.",0,0
20,"Translate the following phrase from English to French.Phrase: Hello, how are you?",Health,0,0
21,Solve the given equation and find the value of X. Show your steps.5X + 3 = 28,positive,0,1
22,"Propose a completion for the following python code snippet.def greeting(name):
 '''This function prints a greeting message'''",I am going to the movie tonight.,0,0
23,"Choose a topic for the following article. Topic candidates include: politics, sports, health, science, business, finance, and entertainment.The photoelectric effect is the emission of electrons when light shines on a material. Metals are typical materials that exhibit this effect. This phenomenon was explained by Albert Einstein and it led to the development of quantum mechanics.","5X = 25
X = 5",0,0
24,Write a brief description of the following landmark.Landmark: Taj Mahal.,"The Taj Mahal is an iconic mausoleum located in Agra, India. It was built in the 17th century by the Mughal emperor Shah Jahan as a tribute to his beloved wife Mumtaz Mahal. The Taj Mahal is renowned for its architectural beauty, featuring white marble domes, intricate carvings, and landscaped gardens. It is considered a masterpiece of Mughal architecture and is recognized as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.",1,1
25,Recommend a book that you enjoyed reading and briefly explain why you found it captivating.,"I highly recommend reading 'The Alchemist' by Paulo Coelho. This enchanting novel follows the journey of a young shepherd named Santiago as he embarks on a quest for his personal legend. The book beautifully weaves together themes of destiny, self-discovery, and the pursuit of one's dreams. Coelho's storytelling is poetic and thought-provoking, leaving readers inspired to listen to their hearts and follow their passions. 'The Alchemist' is a timeless tale that resonates with readers of all ages.",1,1
26,Write a brief description of the following flower.Flower: Rose.,"Roses are beautiful and fragrant flowers with a wide range of colors, including red, pink, yellow, and white. They are often associated with love and romance. Roses have soft petals and thorny stems, and are commonly used in bouquets and gardens for their aesthetic appeal and pleasant scent.",1,1
27,Write a brief description of the following sculpture.Sculpture: David by Michelangelo.,Logical Fallacy: Sweeping Generalization,0,0
28,Provide three tips for effective communication in a professional setting.,"I recommend reading 'Neuromancer' by William Gibson. It is a groundbreaking novel that coined the term 'cyberspace' and explores themes of artificial intelligence, virtual reality, and corporate dominance. The book is a must-read for fans of futuristic science fiction.",0,0
29,Recommend a national park or nature reserve known for its natural beauty.,"1. Create a Budget: Start by tracking your income and expenses to understand your financial situation. Allocate specific amounts for different categories such as housing, transportation, groceries, and savings.
2. Set Financial Goals: Define short-term and long-term financial goals, such as saving for a vacation or retirement. These goals will help you stay motivated and make better spending decisions.
3. Prioritize Saving: Make saving a priority by setting aside a portion of your income each month. Consider automating your savings by setting up automatic transfers to a separate savings account.
4. Minimize Debt: Avoid unnecessary debt and work towards paying off existing debts. Prioritize high-interest debts first and consider strategies like debt consolidation or negotiating lower interest rates.
5. Review and Adjust: Regularly review your budget, track your expenses, and adjust as needed. Be mindful of your spending habits and look for areas where you can cut back and save more.",0,0
30,Recommend a documentary to a person based on their interests.Person: I am interested in environmental issues and conservation.,"Christianity: Devout, charitable, hopeful, forgiving.
Hinduism: Spiritual, tolerant, devout, karmic.
Islam: Pious, humble, devout, disciplined.
Baháʼí: Unifying, peaceful, tolerant, charitable.",0,0
31,"Decide whether the syllogism is logically sound.All dogs are mammals.
All mammals are animals.
Therefore, all dogs are animals.","import math

def calculate_circle_area(radius):
 return math.pi * radius**2",0,0
32,"Identify the logical fallacy in the following statement.Statement: All politicians are corrupt, so you should never trust any of them.",Logical Fallacy: Sweeping Generalization,1,1
33,Recommend a book to a person based on their interests.Person: I enjoy historical fiction novels set in World War II.,Book: 'The Book Thief' by Markus Zusak.,1,1
34,Reflect on a personal milestone or achievement and express appreciation for the journey and growth it brought.,"I want to take a moment to celebrate the completion of my first marathon. This journey has been a transformative experience both physically and mentally. The countless hours of training, the perseverance during challenging moments, and the unwavering belief in my capabilities have all contributed to this achievement. Running those 26.2 miles was not just about reaching the finish line but also about pushing beyond my comfort zone, discovering inner strength, and realizing the power of determination. I am grateful for the lessons learned, the friendships forged along the way, and the personal growth that this milestone represents. It has shown me that with dedication and resilience, I can conquer any challenge that comes my way.",1,1
35,"Given a piece of text, classify the emotion expressed as positive, negative, or neutral.Text: I am thrilled to hear the news!",positive,1,1
36,Provide three tips for effective communication in a professional setting.,"1. Active Listening: Pay full attention to the speaker, maintain eye contact, and avoid interrupting. Show interest and understanding by nodding or providing verbal cues.
2. Clarity and Conciseness: Express thoughts and ideas clearly, using concise and straightforward language. Avoid jargon or overly technical terms that may confuse the audience.
3. Respectful Feedback: Provide constructive feedback in a respectful and tactful manner. Focus on specific behaviors or issues, rather than attacking the individual. Offer suggestions for improvement and be open to receiving feedback in return.",1,1
37,Recommend a book to someone who enjoys fantasy novels.,"I would recommend watching 'The Notebook'. It is a heartwarming romantic film that tells the story of a passionate and enduring love between Noah and Allie. The movie captures the essence of love, sacrifice, and the power of memories, making it a perfect choice for a cozy and emotional movie night.",0,0
38,Calculate the amount of discount for an item given the original price and percentage discount.Original price: $200. Discount percentage: 25%,Discount amount: $50,1,1
39,Recommend a science fiction book to someone who enjoys futuristic and technological themes.,Percentage: 20%,0,0
40,Solve the given equation and find the value of X. Show your steps.5X + 3 = 28,"5X = 25
X = 5",1,1
41,Write a program to check if a given string is a palindrome.,"1. Define the Problem: Clearly articulate the problem, ensuring a thorough understanding of its scope and underlying causes.
2. Gather Information: Collect relevant data and information related to the problem. Conduct research, interviews, or surveys to gain insights.
3. Analyze and Identify Solutions: Break down the problem into smaller components and analyze each aspect. Brainstorm potential solutions and evaluate their feasibility and potential outcomes.
4. Select the Best Solution: Assess the pros and cons of each solution and select the one that best aligns with the desired outcome and constraints.
5. Implement the Solution: Develop an action plan and implement the chosen solution. Monitor progress and make adjustments as necessary.
6. Evaluate and Learn: Assess the effectiveness of the solution and reflect on the process. Identify lessons learned and apply them to future problem-solving endeavors.",0,0
42,Recommend a book that you enjoyed reading and briefly explain why you found it captivating.,"I highly recommend reading 'The Alchemist' by Paulo Coelho. This enchanting novel follows the journey of a young shepherd named Santiago as he embarks on a quest for his personal legend. The book beautifully weaves together themes of destiny, self-discovery, and the pursuit of one's dreams. Coelho's storytelling is poetic and thought-provoking, leaving readers inspired to listen to their hearts and follow their passions. 'The Alchemist' is a timeless tale that resonates with readers of all ages.",0,1
43,Identify and correct the grammar mistake in the following sentence.She have been studying French for five years.,"def calculate_rectangle_area(length, width):
 return length * width",0,0
44,"Translate the following poem from English to French.Poem: 'The Road Not Taken' by Robert Frost
Two roads diverged in a yellow wood,
And sorry I could not travel both
And be one traveler, long I stood
And looked down one as far as I could
To where it bent in the undergrowth;","Poem Translation: 'La route non prise' de Robert Frost
Deux routes divergeaient dans un bois jaune,
Et désolé, je ne pouvais pas les prendre toutes les deux,
Et être un voyageur, longtemps je suis resté là,
Et regardé l'une d'elles aussi loin que possible
Jusqu'à ce qu'elle se courbe dans les buissons;",1,1
45,"Translate the following poem from English to French.Poem: 'The Road Not Taken' by Robert Frost
Two roads diverged in a yellow wood,
And sorry I could not travel both
And be one traveler, long I stood
And looked down one as far as I could
To where it bent in the undergrowth;",Discounted price: $80,0,0
46,"Calculate the percentage of a quantity given the part and the whole.Part: 40, Whole: 200",Percentage: 20%,1,1
47,Recommend a book to a person based on their interests.Person: I enjoy historical fiction novels set in World War II.,"David is a renowned marble sculpture created by Michelangelo. It depicts the biblical figure of David, a young shepherd who became a hero by slaying the giant Goliath. The sculpture stands at over 17 feet tall and showcases intricate details, such as the lifelike musculature and the intense expression on David's face. It is considered a masterpiece of Renaissance art and is housed in the Galleria dell'Accademia in Florence, Italy.",0,0
48,"List adjectives that could describe individuals of the given religions.Christianity:
Hinduism:
Islam:
Baháʼí:",Podcast: 'Serial' by Sarah Koenig.,0,0
49,Describe a systematic approach for solving complex problems.,science,0,0
50,Write a program to calculate the area of a square given its side length.,"def calculate_square_area(side_length):
 return side_length ** 2",1,1
51,Calculate the discounted price for an item given the original price and the discount amount.Original price: $100. Discount amount: $20,Discounted price: $80,1,1
52,"Given an email, classify it as important or not important.Subject: Invitation to Exclusive Event",important,1,1
53,Provide three effective strategies for managing time and increasing productivity.,"def is_palindrome(string):
 string = string.lower()
 string = string.replace(' ', '')
 return string == string[::-1]",0,0
54,Write a program to calculate the volume of a cube given its side length.,"def calculate_triangle_perimeter(side1, side2, side3):
 return side1 + side2 + side3",0,1
55,Write a journal entry expressing gratitude for three things that brought joy to your day.,"Today, I am grateful for:
1. The warm sunshine that brightened my morning walk and lifted my spirits.
2. The delicious homemade meal shared with my loved ones, filled with laughter and joy.
3. The kind gesture of a stranger who held the door open for me and made me feel valued.
Expressing gratitude for these moments reminds me of the beauty and kindness that exist in the world.",1,1
56,Compose five positive affirmations that promote self-confidence and self-worth.,"1. I am capable of achieving great things.
2. I am deserving of love and respect.
3. I embrace my unique qualities and celebrate my individuality.
4. I trust in my abilities to overcome challenges.
5. I am grateful for my journey and the lessons it brings.",1,1
57,Identify and correct the misspelled word in the following sentence.I am goinng to teh moive tonight.,I am going to the movie tonight.,1,1
58,Recommend a book to someone who enjoys fantasy novels.,"I recommend reading 'The Name of the Wind' by Patrick Rothfuss. It is the first book in the 'Kingkiller Chronicle' series and follows the captivating story of Kvothe, a gifted musician and magician, as he navigates a world of magic, adventure, and intrigue.",1,1
59,Write a program to calculate the volume of a cube given its side length.,"def calculate_cube_volume(side_length):
 return side_length ** 3",1,1
60,Calculate the discounted price for an item given the original price and percentage discount.Original price: $100. Discount percentage: 20%,"Egypt, Japan, Brazil, Canada, India, Mexico.",0,0
61,"Calculate the volume of a cylinder given its radius and height.Radius: 5 units, Height: 10 units","1. Prioritize Tasks: Identify the most important and urgent tasks and prioritize them accordingly. Use techniques like Eisenhower Matrix or ABC method to categorize tasks based on their importance and deadlines.
2. Time Blocking: Allocate specific blocks of time for different tasks or activities. Set aside dedicated time for focused work, meetings, breaks, and personal activities. Avoid multitasking and distractions during these time blocks.
3. Set Realistic Goals: Set realistic and achievable goals for each day or week. Break down larger tasks into smaller, manageable steps. Celebrate small victories and track progress to stay motivated.",0,0
62,Provide three effective strategies for managing time and increasing productivity.,"1. Prioritize Tasks: Identify the most important and urgent tasks and prioritize them accordingly. Use techniques like Eisenhower Matrix or ABC method to categorize tasks based on their importance and deadlines.
2. Time Blocking: Allocate specific blocks of time for different tasks or activities. Set aside dedicated time for focused work, meetings, breaks, and personal activities. Avoid multitasking and distractions during these time blocks.
3. Set Realistic Goals: Set realistic and achievable goals for each day or week. Break down larger tasks into smaller, manageable steps. Celebrate small victories and track progress to stay motivated.",1,1
63,Write a brief description of the following landmark.Landmark: Taj Mahal.,Volume: 785.3981634 cubic units,0,0
64,Write a program to calculate the area of a rectangle given its length and width.,"My goal for the next month is to establish a consistent daily exercise routine. I aim to exercise for at least 30 minutes every day, combining cardiovascular activities and strength training. By doing so, I hope to improve my overall fitness, boost my energy levels, and enhance my mental well-being.",0,0
65,Write a program to calculate the area of a square given its side length.,She has been studying French for five years.,0,0
66,Provide five practical tips for effective budgeting and money management.,Interest earned: $500,0,1
67,Write a journal entry expressing gratitude for three things that brought joy to your day.,"def calculate_square_area(side_length):
 return side_length ** 2",0,0
68,Write a brief description of the following sculpture.Sculpture: David by Michelangelo.,"David is a renowned marble sculpture created by Michelangelo. It depicts the biblical figure of David, a young shepherd who became a hero by slaying the giant Goliath. The sculpture stands at over 17 feet tall and showcases intricate details, such as the lifelike musculature and the intense expression on David's face. It is considered a masterpiece of Renaissance art and is housed in the Galleria dell'Accademia in Florence, Italy.",1,1
69,"Categorize the given news article into one of the following categories: Politics, Sports, Entertainment, Technology, or Health.Title: 'New Study Reveals Link Between Diet and Longevity'","Translation: Bonjour, comment ça va ?",0,0
70,I am planning a 7-day trip to London. Could you provide a detailed plan for me?,"I recommend reading 'The Name of the Wind' by Patrick Rothfuss. It is the first book in the 'Kingkiller Chronicle' series and follows the captivating story of Kvothe, a gifted musician and magician, as he navigates a world of magic, adventure, and intrigue.",0,0
71,Describe a systematic approach for solving complex problems.,"1. Define the Problem: Clearly articulate the problem, ensuring a thorough understanding of its scope and underlying causes.
2. Gather Information: Collect relevant data and information related to the problem. Conduct research, interviews, or surveys to gain insights.
3. Analyze and Identify Solutions: Break down the problem into smaller components and analyze each aspect. Brainstorm potential solutions and evaluate their feasibility and potential outcomes.
4. Select the Best Solution: Assess the pros and cons of each solution and select the one that best aligns with the desired outcome and constraints.
5. Implement the Solution: Develop an action plan and implement the chosen solution. Monitor progress and make adjustments as necessary.
6. Evaluate and Learn: Assess the effectiveness of the solution and reflect on the process. Identify lessons learned and apply them to future problem-solving endeavors.",1,1
72,Write a program to calculate the area of a rectangle given its length and width.,"def calculate_rectangle_area(length, width):
 return length * width",1,1
73,Reflect on a personal milestone or achievement and express appreciation for the journey and growth it brought.,"def calculate_cube_volume(side_length):
 return side_length ** 3",0,0
74,Write a program to check if a given string is a palindrome.,"def is_palindrome(string):
 string = string.lower()
 string = string.replace(' ', '')
 return string == string[::-1]",1,1
75,Suggest an exciting travel destination and describe the unique attractions or experiences it offers.,"I suggest visiting Kyoto, Japan. Known for its rich cultural heritage and stunning landscapes, Kyoto offers a unique blend of traditional and modern attractions. Explore historic temples and shrines like Kinkaku-ji (Golden Pavilion) and Fushimi Inari Taisha, famous for its thousands of torii gates. Immerse yourself in the beauty of traditional Japanese gardens, such as the serene Arashiyama Bamboo Grove. Indulge in delicious local cuisine, including Kyoto-style kaiseki dining. Don't miss the opportunity to witness a traditional tea ceremony or participate in a traditional kimono dressing experience. Kyoto's charm lies in its ability to transport visitors back in time while embracing contemporary influences.",1,1
76,Compose five positive affirmations that promote self-confidence and self-worth.,Documentary: 'Before the Flood' by Fisher Stevens and Leonardo DiCaprio.,0,0
77,Provide five practical tips for effective budgeting and money management.,"1. Create a Budget: Start by tracking your income and expenses to understand your financial situation. Allocate specific amounts for different categories such as housing, transportation, groceries, and savings.
2. Set Financial Goals: Define short-term and long-term financial goals, such as saving for a vacation or retirement. These goals will help you stay motivated and make better spending decisions.
3. Prioritize Saving: Make saving a priority by setting aside a portion of your income each month. Consider automating your savings by setting up automatic transfers to a separate savings account.
4. Minimize Debt: Avoid unnecessary debt and work towards paying off existing debts. Prioritize high-interest debts first and consider strategies like debt consolidation or negotiating lower interest rates.
5. Review and Adjust: Regularly review your budget, track your expenses, and adjust as needed. Be mindful of your spending habits and look for areas where you can cut back and save more.",1,1
78,I am planning a 7-day trip to London. Could you provide a detailed plan for me?,"Day 1: Arrive in London. Check into your hotel and explore Covent Garden.
Day 2: Visit the British Museum and enjoy a stroll in Hyde Park.
Day 3: Visit the Tower of London and the iconic Tower Bridge.
Day 4: Explore Buckingham Palace and the surrounding St. James's Park.
Day 5: Spend the day at the Victoria and Albert Museum and the Natural History Museum.
Day 6: Visit the London Eye and enjoy a boat ride on the River Thames.
Day 7: Shopping in Oxford Street and depart London.",1,1
79,Identify and correct the misspelled word in the following sentence.I am goinng to teh moive tonight.,"def greeting(name):
 '''This function prints a greeting message'''
 print('Hello, ' + name + '!')",0,0
80,Recommend a podcast to a person based on their interests.Person: I am interested in true crime stories.,Podcast: 'Serial' by Sarah Koenig.,1,1
81,Write a program to calculate the perimeter of a triangle given the lengths of its three sides.,"The Taj Mahal is an iconic mausoleum located in Agra, India. It was built in the 17th century by the Mughal emperor Shah Jahan as a tribute to his beloved wife Mumtaz Mahal. The Taj Mahal is renowned for its architectural beauty, featuring white marble domes, intricate carvings, and landscaped gardens. It is considered a masterpiece of Mughal architecture and is recognized as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.",0,0
82,Recommend a science fiction book to someone who enjoys futuristic and technological themes.,"I recommend reading 'Neuromancer' by William Gibson. It is a groundbreaking novel that coined the term 'cyberspace' and explores themes of artificial intelligence, virtual reality, and corporate dominance. The book is a must-read for fans of futuristic science fiction.",1,1
83,"Categorize the given news article into one of the following categories: Politics, Sports, Entertainment, Technology, or Health.Title: 'New Study Reveals Link Between Diet and Longevity'",Health,1,1
84,Recommend a famous painting to someone who appreciates art.,"I would recommend 'Starry Night' by Vincent van Gogh. It is an iconic masterpiece known for its vibrant colors, expressive brushwork, and depiction of the night sky. The painting evokes a sense of movement and captures the artist's unique perspective on the world.",1,1
85,"Identify all the country names in the text, and list them separated by commas.The Pyramids of Egypt are one of the Seven Wonders of the World. Many tourists from Japan, Brazil, and Canada visit Egypt. It's not uncommon to see visitors from India and Mexico as well.","Egypt, Japan, Brazil, Canada, India, Mexico.",1,1
86,Write a program to calculate the area of a circle given its radius.,"import math

def calculate_circle_area(radius):
 return math.pi * radius**2",1,1
87,List five practical tips for promoting environmental conservation in daily life.,Book: 'The Book Thief' by Markus Zusak.,0,0
88,Recommend a famous painting to someone who appreciates art.,"I would recommend 'Starry Night' by Vincent van Gogh. It is an iconic masterpiece known for its vibrant colors, expressive brushwork, and depiction of the night sky. The painting evokes a sense of movement and captures the artist's unique perspective on the world.",0,1
89,"Calculate the percentage of a quantity given the part and the whole.Part: 40, Whole: 200","Today, I am grateful for:
1. The warm sunshine that brightened my morning walk and lifted my spirits.
2. The delicious homemade meal shared with my loved ones, filled with laughter and joy.
3. The kind gesture of a stranger who held the door open for me and made me feel valued.
Expressing gratitude for these moments reminds me of the beauty and kindness that exist in the world.",0,0
90,"Translate the following phrase from English to French.Phrase: Hello, how are you?","Translation: Bonjour, comment ça va ?",1,1
91,"Calculate the simple interest earned on a principal amount given the interest rate and time period.Principal amount: $5000, Interest rate: 5%, Time period: 2 years",Interest earned: $500,1,1
92,"Propose a completion for the following python code snippet.def greeting(name):
 '''This function prints a greeting message'''","def greeting(name):
 '''This function prints a greeting message'''
 print('Hello, ' + name + '!')",1,1
93,"Calculate the simple interest earned on a principal amount given the interest rate and time period.Principal amount: $5000, Interest rate: 5%, Time period: 2 years",Logically sound.,0,0
94,"Given a piece of text, classify the emotion expressed as positive, negative, or neutral.Text: I am thrilled to hear the news!","1. Active Listening: Pay full attention to the speaker, maintain eye contact, and avoid interrupting. Show interest and understanding by nodding or providing verbal cues.
2. Clarity and Conciseness: Express thoughts and ideas clearly, using concise and straightforward language. Avoid jargon or overly technical terms that may confuse the audience.
3. Respectful Feedback: Provide constructive feedback in a respectful and tactful manner. Focus on specific behaviors or issues, rather than attacking the individual. Offer suggestions for improvement and be open to receiving feedback in return.",0,0
95,Recommend a romantic movie for a cozy night in.,"Poem Translation: 'La route non prise' de Robert Frost
Deux routes divergeaient dans un bois jaune,
Et désolé, je ne pouvais pas les prendre toutes les deux,
Et être un voyageur, longtemps je suis resté là,
Et regardé l'une d'elles aussi loin que possible
Jusqu'à ce qu'elle se courbe dans les buissons;",0,0
96,Calculate the amount of discount for an item given the original price and percentage discount.Original price: $200. Discount percentage: 25%,important,0,0
97,Write a program to calculate the area of a circle given its radius.,"I recommend visiting Yosemite National Park. It is renowned for its breathtaking landscapes, including towering granite cliffs, magnificent waterfalls, and ancient sequoia groves. The park offers numerous opportunities for hiking, rock climbing, wildlife watching, and immersing oneself in the awe-inspiring beauty of nature.",0,0
98,Translate the following document from English to Spanish.Document: This is a sample document for translation.,Documento: Este es un documento de muestra para traducción.,1,1
99,"Calculate the volume of a cylinder given its radius and height.Radius: 5 units, Height: 10 units",Volume: 785.3981634 cubic units,1,1
